Several different ways to answer that question. So if you're going, so typically if you just say like someone's going full doc, full doc meaning all your income is verified through W2s pay stubs or if you're self employed through 2 years of tax with tax returns. So just keep, it's always the rule of two on everything. I need your two years W2s, I mean your two most recent pay stubs and we're in need. If you're self employed I need your two most recent, you know, file tax returns, business and personal. So your 1040s, your Schedule Cs, all the pages, everything. So conventional wise, you know, if they're going FHA or a conventional Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac loan, that's what you're going to need to qualify. So to make it, I mean easy question, easy answer for both of those, that's what you're going. So then the difference is going to go into when you talk about a non QM loan. So that can go quite a few different ways on there. So there's, there is still a full doc, you know, non QM loan where you're going to qualify, you know with W2s pay stubs or tax returns. So it does carry over there. But when you get into non qm there's also a little product that can qualify you on your 1212 months Most recent bank statement. So a lot of self employed borrowers like you know, you, me, myself, I have an llc, I write everything off, you know, someone kill the government, you know, hundreds of thousands of dollars for them to you know, commit fraud everywhere. So most savvy self employed business owners, you know, know the tax code very well. So they whittle their million dollar income on paper down to $100,000 or whatever it may be. You know, if you're making a million dollars for your business, you $100,000 to try and qualify for a home is not very much income. So over the last, you know, several years, what's called the non qa, non qualified mortgage space has just grown, you know, exponentially because there way to qualify a borrower. So what I'll do is I'll say okay Mr. You know Dom, you know, self employed business owner, send me your 12 months, you know, personal banks, personal bank statements and then your business bank statements. What I'm going to do is I'm going to average them over a 12 month period and then I'm going to be able to qualify you based on that. So with that though too we take in Those kind of gets off the weed. Some sort of can get a little convoluted, a little more, you know, in depth is we would take out a small expense ratio based on what kind of business you run it. So, you know, if you're a barber, you're just, you know, paying a little rent at a barber shop. You know, you don't own the building, you're not paying employees, you're not paying the lights to keep those on. Your expense ratio, meaning how much income you have to use to operate your business, is going to be a lot lower compared to, you know, somebody who owns that shop and is paying the mortgage or paying the lease. And you'll have to keep all the lights on and then, you know, paying, you know, a lot more overhead. So that expense ratio is going to vary based on the type of business they have, how many employees they have, etc. So we kind of have a calculation based on that that's, you know, we send it into a, you know, we have our own income calculation desk. They do that as a small form saying, okay, Mr. So and so, what kind of business do you operate? How many employees do you have? And then we calculate the income and the expense ratio based on that. So when it gets into some of the non QM stuff is clear cut, but that's kind of the main way to qualify. We do have other ways you can use, you know, what's called, we have an asset depletion product where let's say the borrowers, you know, very, very liquid as far as, you know, liquid assets goes. But you know, they might be retired or just living their Life and got $50 million in the bank. Well, that's not a very risky loan to us because for somebody who's got a lot of liquid assets, we can qualify them based on, you know, the deposits and funds that they have in those accounts. So as long as it's liquid, you know, stocks, bonds, you know, nothing restricted stock, no CDs, no life insurance policy, something you could access immediately. I can now qualify to borrow based on that. So and then with all of that, we can blend them all together too. So. Wow. So say you're self employed and your girl works a salary job w2 hourly. Well, I take your income, your bank statement income and then I take your lady's income and we blend it together. Now we can qualify you based on both of the income and not just one or the other. And then same thing. You know, let's say, you know, a lot of income coming in on your bank statements and you still got, you know, two and a half million dollars in a liquid account and you need to qualify a little bit, you know, higher amount you're looking, you know, your debt to income ratio needs, you know, is a little lower or needs a little more income to qualify. Then we're going to. Use, use be able to blend that all together. So again with the non QM stuff is you're kind of just going to ask for you know, the bank statements, the assets and then you kind of kind of whittle it down a little bit more, you know, so which direction you're going when it comes to that, you know, the agency, fha, conventional, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, you can't, you can't qualify them on these, these products. So that's where you give. There's two differences. You know, the QM loan qualified mortgage, meaning that's you know, Fannie mae, Freddie Mac, FHA, VA loan, you know, the traditional agency stuff. And then the non QM is where you come in with, you know, other just like I said, you know, we call them alternative documentation. It's a non qualified mortgage where you know, these are, these are being bought by, you know, big hedge fund Wall street investors, not being backed by another typical, it's called gse Government Secured entities, you know, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, you know, fha, all that stuff. So I guess that's probably a lot kind of confusing, but it's not a, it's not a clear cut answer unfortunately. But I mean looking at the left side is, you know, W2s pay stubs, you know, your, your lo. And the broker yourself's going to have to have, you know, a good conversation with obviously the ball or hey, this is what we're going, we're going this route. So I need you know, to upload this. But, but then like I said, it's, it's all just going to kind of vary on, on which type of model you're working with. So I don't know. That's not that, not the clear cut answer. I know it's not a clear cut answer to give. It's kind of a thing, you know. So about my question. So let's say like you know, they, a borrower does not qualify for fha, they can still find a way to do a non QM loan or is that how it works or. Yeah, absolutely. I mean there's, it's gonna, and that's the thing with FHA is making it different difficult. This kind of itself in some order weeds if you do some of the research that fha when all this crazy immigration stuff started happening, you know, daca, a lot of the, you know, non permanent residential visa cards, FHA stopped allowing financing to be a lot of these, you know, individuals because, you know, not sound racist or anything. We don't know if they're going to be here next, next week, you know, so in two months, whatever their immigration status might be. So FHA pretty much put a, put a whole. Excuse me, on pretty much all those individuals. DACA primarily, you know, ones that are here just temporarily on a, you know, educational basis, some that are just seeking asylum, some that are temporarily here for refuge, whatever it may be. Fha, you know, so housing said, hey, we, this is two thirds of it right now. We're not lending to anybody on this. So then on those defaults on our non QM stuff, we have a long laundry list of visa categories that are allowed and then that are not allowed. So but typically people that are in the FHA kind of space, they have lower credit scores, you know, they have lower down payment that they can put down. The minimum on FHA is, you know, 3.5% minimum on our non QM stuff is at least 10%. And you need a 700 credit score as well. So you know, when you're talking 5, 6, 700, 800,000 purchases, you know, there's 10% compared to, you know what an FHA down payment is significantly different. So again with FHA you go down to a 580 credit score. You know that underwriting, the underwriting guidelines are a little more lax because it is an fha, you know, back secured loans. So compared to, like I said, our non PM stuff is, you know, these are big time Wall street hedge fund, you know, multi, multi billion dollar, you know, private investors who we work with that are buying up our, you know, what they call paper or mortgage basically. So quite different kind of dynamic. But to answer your question, yes, they can. It's just a more difficult way to do so, you know, if you don't have the credit or the down payment. Okay, you know that, that helps because like I said, we're, we're trying to implement every kind of possibility. That way if we feed this, our, our AI agent all this kind of information, it can kind of determine what, what route it should be kind of taking and what loan type would make the most sense. Yeah, I mean, like I said, it's, I mean is it going to do a, like a soft credit check or is it going to be like kind of a You know, they put their information in there and say, hey, roughly, this is where I'm at. Yeah, yeah. So the goal is to have the agents kind of go back and forth with the borrowers sending the documents needed. So, you know, W2s, bank statements, stuff like that, once they supply that information back, our agent is going to be able to read and understand what it's looking at within the documents to kind of determine what loan time would make the most sense. And if they don't qualify for or again, we want to make sure that can also determine like if they're five points off on their credit score to be eligible for a certain loan, that it can notify that borrower if there's a certain way that they can increase their credit score by five points and they'll be eligible for X loan. Yeah, with the credit providers that we have and all brokers use, they have like a store analyzer as well. So I'm assuming you can implement something like that, like, hey, if you can, you know, pay this credit card down, you know, 500 bucks and let it, let it read, you know, that's going to be the main way to get anybody's score to improve quickly. Yeah, you know, that ideal is, you know, you want to be on a 50 utilization, you know, 30 is even more ideal. So we use, which like I said, I'm sure, I mean, I'm sure it's the same you guys have now and you've always had, you know, potential score analyzer saying, hey, pay your capital one card down to 700 bucks. You know, we could do a rescore or wait for, you know, to report in the next, you know, month or three weeks or whatever it does, and potentially your score will go up seven points based on that. So I'm sure you guys can be able to help, you know, implement a program that does that because, you know, or get something that they can do a soft credit check to come in, pull through. So, you know, the broker borrower doesn't have to pay for a full credit report. You know, soft checks, usually they can do it for free. So there's something like that that you can pull in there potentially. All right. Especially if they're not looking, you know, a lot of buyers are, you know, they might just be paying what they could possibly qualify for and they're not ready right now. Rather than that's going to give them a know, game plan saying, okay, you gotta get this now, you know, get this collection paid off and removed and kind of give them a, you know, a Map, A map, you know, for their credit to say, hey, I'm looking to buy in the next six months. Well here you go, you better start working on this in the meantime then to get there. So yeah, incorporate some things like that, which I said, I mean I'm assuming this AI and everything that products are programmed to do anyways that do that. So I'm assuming it would be something you guys can incorporate as well which would be, you know, hugely, hugely beneficial for the brokers and the borrowers obviously know where they're at and if it's not, you know, if they do need to do some improvement then they need to know how to do it, you know, that'll help out tremendously. Okay, yeah, that's good to know because yeah, we want, like I said, we're kind of just doing the technical side but we want to understand what would actually help and anything that would make the most sense for the brokers and LOS in the process. So that's why talking with you it would kind of be beneficial for us to understand what's going to help us a lot more. I mean it's definitely obviously that, I mean that's credit's obviously number one. I don't know if there's a way like I'm assuming there would be that, you know, calculate income for people because you know, if you have variable income, if you work on commission, you know, say like myself, I work 100% commission, I don't have an hourly, you know, so how we qualify people like myself is I would have to get my 20, 24, 20, 25 income with my current year to date commission and then divide that by, you know, whatever month we're in here to you know, two and a half months into the year plus 24. So I would take that full income and divide it by 26 and a half. So it's not a clear cut like oh, I made 40 grand last month, that's my income. No, what you made over the two year average then that's why I go back. Like I said, the two year rule is how you would calculate that person's income. Same thing for self employed borrowers. Which gets, you know, really difficult sometimes too is you know, 24 borrower. I just started the business and did well, didn't do so well, 25 borrowed, you know, a little bit better. But you know, let's say in year one they had $20,000 in income, in year two they did 50. Well you divide that by two, you only got 35. So 35, $35,000 in income is not very much to, you know, qualify to buy for a home. So if there's any way to incorporate some of that stuff in there would help the borrowers out quite a bit, you know, and pull in, you know, self credit check to where they might calculate what they're called the debt to income ratio is, is how they're going to qualify. So these are all, I mean underwriting things that we do and have an income tax evasion desk. I have somebody I send tax returns to the know you can get a tax return sometimes that has 150 pages. And I'm like, I don't. Not my job. You guys go tell me what this is. You know. Yeah, anything, anything with the bank statements they, you know, they calculate those that. Here's the average, you know, based on taking out 30%, you know, for the expense ratio here, here's their monthly that we would qualify them on. So you know, if there's things like that you can incorporate in there, I mean that's gonna be extremely beneficial for borrowers. That's. Most of them go, oh, I don't know, I made four grand a month. Well, you make four grand a month or you made four grand last month. You make four grand every month. You make four grand for about two years. Like you know, a little more, a little more layers to somebody's income than it's just, yeah, I made you know, 20 bucks an hour. So those are definitely some things that would be beneficial if you can get those worked in as well. Okay, and real quick, Rex, Rex, you're getting this too, right? Yeah, I'm getting it. A lot of useful information and I know it's a lot of information. I said not a, there's not a fucking yes or no answer on any of our stuff. I mean, I mean my, some of my guide, my non QM guidelines are about 120 pages long. Long. It's just going to change literally probably every month or so because just new programs are, you know, are being brought in on the values. Like I can show you our website. I mean all our, you know like matrices and things are on there. We could probably pull those in, you know, programs and so it would show you, hey, what the 580 credit score. Here's product. If you got 700 score, you know, going non QM, you can, you can put 10 down. Like our matrixes and what they're called are available on our website that you know, might be able to pull some of those in and work those in too. So that Was again, that would be. Most people, you know, aren't going to understand those but if they just put in, you know, that hey, I'm a 700 credit score and you know, here's my kind of basic profile, what could I qualify for? And if it's able to go, you know, X, Y and Z, then I'll give them obviously a pretty good idea of what they need to do and what they can, you know, qualify for based on some kind of basic information from them. Yeah, no, that, that's actually very helpful. And then Rex, I know you, you had a couple questions too or you missed like one or so, right? Yeah, so it's more like confirmation on things. So in regards to, so in regards to sending documents to borrowers, do los like, like can you take me through like maybe what an lo would like ello's process would be in terms of like sending documents or contacting them and you know, how long like how many times they contact the borrower. Like I, I assume it's not just like one or two, like, like times they communicate, right? Yeah, I mean, yes, I know again it's gonna be a lot of answers. It's like it's just gonna solely depend on the borrower and their motivation too. It's like, you know, I had a borrower hit me up on Saturday over the weekend, was looking to be qualified from, you know, referral partner of mine. I said okay, send me. She's self employed and has two jobs. I said okay, I need your 12 month bank statements, I need two years tax returns. I mean two years W2s and pay stubs. And she got everything to me right away. You know, some borrowers would be like, okay, I'll get it to you. You know and I always me been doing this a long time ago. Okay, I need these by Monday. And I'm following up on Monday going hey, where are these at? We need to get this. You know, if you're, you know it's. That kind of goes back to what I was saying. You know, a lot of people who are getting pre approved they're, they're like, oh well, I just want to see what I can qualify for. You know, I'm not looking for really like six months. Well, not to be a dick but I don't have a lot of time to waste on people not looking for six months. You know a lot of brokers and ll do, you know, I'll give them a basic idea and put them in kind of like a picture file to follow up. But you know, first off, credit reports about 150 to $175 to pull a full credit report. So I'm not, those expenses are coming out of my pocket. I do 10 of those a month and I'm not closing any deals. And that's pretty pricey, you know, cost. Obviously it's a cost to, you know, operate business. But, you know, somebody tells me, hey, I'm looking in six months, you know, a lot of things can change in six months. They can get fired, they can their credit up, they can do a lot. So I can say, well, hey, here's, you know, what do you think your credit's looking like? You give them a rough idea, basic pre approval, say, here's what you need to do, you know, don't your credit up, don't get, don't get fired and save as much money as you can. And we can, you know, circle back and look at this. You know, when you're a little more, you know, within three months is kind of ideal, you know, I'm gonna, you know, somebody's getting very serious. So. But that's like I was saying, with the way you guys are trying to, you know, put together would help these people kind of a roadmap and, you know, control for what they need to do. But again, to answer your question, it's going to be based on somebody's motivation. If they're serious and they're looking, they own my house within two months. I mean, they're going to get you your right away. You know, somebody goes, oh, well, you know, just kind of looking around and you know, my lease isn't up until August. Well, those, those people are going to kind of just, you know, kicking the tires around a little bit. And again, a lot of people who have a lot that I would spend, you know, some decent time with them, but I'm not gonna, you know, be. If I don't hear back from them or if I, you know, follow up a few times, I'm gonna say, hey, let me know when you're a little more serious and kind of say, I don't have time to chase you down a million times. But if it's something like this, we have a link. There's, you know, you know, similar things like this, like, hey, here's a link. You can set up your own profile. You can, you know, how this is going to work where, you know, they set up a profile, they upload the documents and they'll link back to you or notify you when, you know, some of that stuff has been Uploaded the. Yeah, yeah. So because we wanted like in the actual application we can as like a. Hello or as a broker, you could go into the application and import the borrower's information so you know, that their name, the loan amount, the loan type, and then it will start to just handle the, the documents from there. Yeah. So is there a way to like, so if I, you know, sign up under my profile, I have like a designated link that I would send the person. So that makes me their profile and all that's linked up directly to me, correct? Yeah, yeah, exactly. So that would be none of them. Hey, so here's what I'm going to do. I have, you know, highly secure, you know, system that we use. It's going to kind of help roadmap things. Upload all your documents here. It's going to notify me when you do it and you know, I'll plan to circle back and make an appointment at that time. You know, kind of put it, you know, to answer your question and put it on them to see, you know, test their temperature, how serious they are. I'm saying that's one of the main questions I ask people. So I was telling you before when we were working on some stuff down like, you know, what's your timeline? Are you one to three months? Are you three to six months? Are you just, you know, your brother thought it was a good idea for you to buy a house and you wanted to get some information like, you know, so that's kind of the, you know, if you can incorporate something like that in there too. I mean, as I said, that's, you know, one of the first questions I ask. You know, obviously on purchase refinances or they're moving, you know, right away. But again, you know, questions. Are, you know, are you currently renting right now? Yeah, I am. All right, are you in the lease going on? What's next? Oh, not till September. What. What's the buyout telling you? If you're trying to get out early, you know, I gotta pay $4,000. Well, most people aren't going to do that, you know, so now, now you're going, okay, well, here, I'm gonna shut you up with this and you know, let's dial this in a little bit closer along the way. So. But again, just decided to go kind of around, kind of just give me a little, you know, a little more information. But it's not a clear quote answer on a lot of the things. But, you know, somebody's serious and they need to buy and you Know, they're, they're leases up in May. Well, all right, well, let's get moving. You know. Yeah, if somebody's not up until August or September or maybe they're, you know, they got a new job they're moving to, you know, their timeline is going to be different. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. And then since as we kind of start building this out too, would you be able to, when we do kind of have it more figured out, would you be able to go through it yourself? Obviously we don't have it ready now, but when that time is, when that time comes to let us know what you think of it and kind of. Yeah, definitely. I mean, and especially if they can, if you're going to incorporate on their. I continue with call the 1003. That's the, that's the actual standard application, you know, one form number. Yeah, I mean you can just Google 103 or URL universal real estate Loan Application I think it stands for. So you know, to incorporate that as well to where they're going to put their basic information, you know, employment information, you know, ask those questions. Like I said, I can send you a basic template and you know, you, you want to incorporate that. So then if you're able to, you know, simply, I could just simply export all that right into my system and you know, complete the application. You know, it comes over like when we move in and out, we export it into an XML file, a 3.4 XML. So when I do that then I just import that like into my vendor. So I have my, I use what's called lending pad and all my, you know, borrower information is in there. Everything about the application is on credit. I've got other pass, you know, income etc. It's a 10 page, you know, application or whatever. Instead of having to fill that out again, I just export, you know, it was called a 3.4 XML file. Drop it right into you know, say like forward lenders portal and then it just populates all that information instead of you know, obviously having to go in there, retype it all out and all that. So if you guys can't see that to where I could just export that back into my system and have that all readily, you know, imported. I mean that would be I extremely helpful as well, especially for running credit and you know, getting all that, you know, proper, you know, correct employment information, etc. So I can send you a copy of the 1003 so you guys can work on, you know, something like that if possible. Yeah, if you could, that'd Be amazing because. Yeah, we want to try to start implementing some of these as soon as possible so we can kind of test it out. All right. And then for me. Go ahead. No, no, go ahead. I was saying. Yeah, I know it's kind of a lot of run around on trying to answer the questions. Not, I mean, like I said, it means a yes or no. I mean it's all. There's so much gray area in this business because it's based on, you know, everybody's their own, you know, own world. I mean there's a lot of the same scenarios but there's a lot of different ones based on like are you front of your computer now? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, go to forwardlendingmtg.com yep. All right, so you got the home page there. So go to that first tab or second says Non qm. So drop down like under programs. Yeah. All right. And go to the right where it says Non QM loan programs. Click on that and then now they right in the middle, the Non QM matrix. Click on that. Yep. So that just gives you an idea right there to try and answer question going, well, what about this? Well, what's the credit score? Are you purchasing? So if you look at that, it breaks it down into two sections then and kind of look at the right one on the right. That's kind of our standard home product. You know, if you're doing a bank statement loan, non qm, you know, up to a million dollar loan amount, this is my first kind of, we'll call it pricing bucket right there, 700 score, your minimum down payment of 10% if you're purchasing 85%. If you're just, you know, doing a rate and term refinance, meaning you're just getting a better loan or rate, no, 80% for if you're going cash out, if you're paying off any debt, giving out any equity, etc. So every one of those kind of changes as obviously the credit score changes, the loan amounts get higher, the requirements get lower as far as like the loan to value goes for there. So if you go up to a, you know, a three million dollar loan compared to a million dollar loan is a lot more leverage for any lender. So they're going to require that loan or put more money down to make it less risky loan compared to, you know, a $400,000 loan. So yeah, go back on your questions. You know, it's, that's where the answer goes when we get no, you know, how much do I need to put down what's your principal, what's your, you know, the, the loan product you're doing. And then scroll down a little bit more. This is where it kind of gets into some more variables of B. Right. Set of additional criteria. You know, there's a minimum loan amount, there's a minimum FICO score. There's, you know, if the followers own. Own a property now or in the last 12 months with, you know, housing history, they've had a mortgage late, you know, credit event, meaning if they found a bankruptcy, they had a short sale, they did a. A loan modification, you know, any of the, you know, get that income ratio. So there's a lot of, you know, again, just into. All right, this is layer one, while layer two, and now layer three where you're going, you know, these are some. A little more in depth. So I don't know, you might be able to just drop this into the AI and read through. That's pretty much the major guidelines that, you know, the realist spit out the answers based on that, you know. Yeah, no, absolutely. When we did Clan or whatever, I don't even know if he's going to. Yeah, yeah, but what was it. Thomas was, you know, not really allowing me to because I've already done this before where I implemented all the. The matrix files. But Thomas just was not giving me the green light to do it. So that's why I'm doing it outside of it now. Yeah. So this is what you'd want to do. Bring in this stuff. So then, I mean, then you go back to that homepage programs, conventional loans. Right there. FM MA as Fannie made. Then you got Freddie Mac government, FHA, VA and all our down payment assistance loans. So you can incorporate all those matrixes on every individual loan product. So, you know, you create some. Something like you did with Clamps, like, hey, you know, what's. Here's my credit score. How much do I need to put it out? You know, something like that. Whereas Craig's a, you know, kind of a Q and A for them to find out what they need to do, you know. Yeah, no, absolutely. Okay. Yeah, that's actually very helpful. And then real quick, record next. I want to make sure you're getting all this too, as well, right? Yeah, yeah, I'm getting. Getting it as well. Again. I know it's a lot of info, man. There's a lot in depth on it, so. And I need more help or jump on, you know, another call on at any point. Yeah, you're more than happy to help out. Okay. Yeah, that'd be awesome. Amazing. I, yeah, we, we appreciate your time, for sure. And we'll most likely definitely be texting you to just see what your thoughts are as we kind of building out. Like I said, if you got, I mean, if you got like a. Just like a beta test or something, I can just, you know, test it on, say, like, myself as a borrower. No. Yeah. Put in my information, have it come to me. You know, upload my, you know, case, student 32, bank statements, whatever, you know, the applications, and then test run it that way. So when I put the information in there and pull it out, you know how it looks coming, you know, if I was the bottle, we're going, you know, to the lo. So. Okay. Yeah, that would, that'd be perfect. Okay, Cool, man. Any other questions? As you see, like, some of the matrices and what kinds of. Some of the things about them. I mean, it's. There's a lot of. Well, what about this? What about that? Well, on this as well. On this as well, you know, so there's a lot of. Kind of layers to dig back through. Yeah, no, I, I, I. Again, I still really appreciate it, but for me, I'm good. Breck, do you have anything? I think I'm good, too. I think, I think everything was answered pretty well. And, yeah, we have a lot of information we have to work on, but, yeah. Yeah, it's exciting. Okay. Yeah, once you guys get a little more in and, and have some more kind of dialed in and said need me to never want me to jump back in and help out, man. Let. All right, sounds good. And then tomorrow for. For Boxer, right? Yeah, you got brother. I'll be there. All right, sounds good. I'll see you tomorrow. All right, guys, I'm Ludimi. Morning. All right, later.